Monika!
Hey, hey Monika, Hey to you Monika
♪ Hej, hej Monika, hej på dig Monika ♪
Hey Monika, Hey to you Monika
♪ Hej Monika, hej på dig Monika ♪
Cold looks, cold chills
♪ Kalla blickar, kalla kårar ♪
And you were only fourteen years old
♪ Du var bara 14 vårar ♪
Take my hand and show me the way
♪ Ta min hand och visa mig vägen ♪
I am yours in every way
♪ Jag är din i alla lägen ♪
Cold looks, cold chills
♪ Kalla blickar, kalla kårar ♪
And you were only fourteen years old
♪ Du var bara 14 vårar ♪
Take my hand and show me the way
♪ Ta min hand och visa mig vägen ♪
I am yours in every way
♪ Jag är din i alla lägen ♪
Hey, hey Monika, Hey to you Monika
♪ Hej, hej Monika, hej på dig Monika ♪
Hey Monika, Hey to you Monika
♪ Hej Monika, hej på dig Monika ♪
Hey, hey Monika, Hey to you Monika
♪ Hej, hej Monika, hej på dig Monika ♪
Hey Monika, Hey to you Monika
♪ Hej Monika, hej på dig Monika ♪
Hey, hey, hey Monika
♪ Hej, hej, hej Monika ♪
Monika
♪ Monika ♪
Nic & The Family – Hej Monika
(Party In Backyard Remix, Kizuna AI Cover)
Looking for translators! JP to EN/ES
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Captions: Loserbait
Special Thanks: https://lyricstranslate.com/en/hej-hej-monika-hi-hi-monica.html
PartyInBackyard Original: https://youtu.be/xFRJHEwAw4g